README.md, before:

# Sees Garten

## Welcome to **Sees Garten**! This project is a web application built with [Astro](https://astro.build/) primarily for gaining experience in website development. The site structures data about my plants and aquarium based on a database.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Se2134/sees_garten.git
    cd sees_garten
    ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. **Start the development server:**
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

4. Open your browser at [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321)

## Project Structure

- `src/` — Main source code (pages, components, styles)
- `public/` — Static assets
- `astro.config.mjs` — Astro configuration

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open issues or pull requests for suggestions and improvements.

## Coming next

- Connect database
- Add a method to change data in database
- Change Home to represent a better landing page

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Development database connected and integrated

README.md, after:

# Sees Garten

## Welcome to **Sees Garten**! This project is a web application built with [Astro](https://astro.build/) primarily for gaining experience in website development. The site structures data about my plants and aquarium based on a database.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Se2134/sees_garten.git
    cd sees_garten
    ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. **Start the development server:**
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

4. Open your browser at [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321)

## Project Structure

- `src/` — Main source code (pages, components, styles)
- `public/` — Static assets
- `astro.config.mjs` — Astro configuration

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open issues or pull requests for suggestions and improvements.

## Latest Update

A development database is now connected

## Coming next

- Redesigning the "Add Project"-Popup to fit the new database schema
- Designing the Page for individual projects
- Adding the real Turso Database
- Add a method to change data in database
- Change Home to represent a better landing page

## Database concept

![](public\images\miscellaneous\sees_garten_db.png "Database model")

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
